The paper proposes a set of neural networks for a multi object tracking
framework. The networks are integrated into a standard Kalman filter
based tracking by detection system as the prediction and association
components. The aim of the neural networks is to enable use in
real-time systems and demonstrate that learned modules have benefits
over traditional methods such as the Hungarian method.

While the underlying idea of the paper is valid there are significant
issues in both the methodology and experimental aspects of the paper.

The method describes the three different networks in some detail,
though certain aspects remain unclear. For example, based on the
description and Figure 6 it's unclear what if any fully connected
layers exist in the MANTa network. Another example of a lack of clarity
is the difference between Eq 4 and Eq5. Eq5 is the standard BCE loss
and it's unclear why the two networks use a slightly different
formulation. Additionally, below Eq4 the label y_i,j is likely
misspecified as it uses [0, 1] for binary labels, which should be {0,
1} to represent a set "{}" rather than a range of the real numbers
"[]".
MD-> Das sollten wir alles genau anschauen
-> TO DO 

A fundamental limitation of the approach also appears to be that it can
only handle up to 16 tracks at once rather than an arbitrary number.
This hard specification also appears to cause issues in the training as
the experiments show. The MANTa network also does not appear to have
any component that ensures unique assignments. While there is a mention
of that aspect in the text (above Eq5) there is no mention if that is
something the method can ensure and if so how.
MD-> 16 Tracks: Hier müssen wir vlt darauf verweisen, dass das erweitert werden kann. Aber das umbauen ist denke ich relativ aufwändig. 
MD-> Unique assignments: Das verstehe ich nichts. Kann also ein SO mehreren Tracks zugeordnet werden? Das denke ich doch nicht. Das sollten wir im Text nochmal genau rausschreiben.

Finally, the novelty of the networks is unclear as they utilize very
standard components (LSTM, BN, MLP) that would be the typical
components one would attempt to use for such an approach, and it's not
clear that this hasn't been used in a similar manner in other existing
approaches.
MD-> Hier sollten wir nochmal hervorheben, dass die Integration in das gesamt Kalman Konstrukt die Innovation ist. Jedes Netzwerk für sich ist sicherlich keine bahnbrechende Neuerung.
-> TO DO 


On the experimental side, very little information is provided, only an
overall RMSE to a lightly specified baseline and association accuracy.
Given that there are very well-established benchmarks for this problem,
for example, https://motchallenge.net/, this is simply insufficient.

Even if the method were not evaluated on the benchmark, one would
expect a comparison to some of the methods mentioned in the related
work section, several of which have open-source implementations
available. Furthermore, using the metrics used in the MOT community
would be expected such that one can get an idea of the approach's
performance. A comparison to classical association methods is also
missing despite this being a major motivation for this work. Finally,
the paper motivated the use of low-complexity networks with real-time
operation needs, yet runtime numbers are completely absent.
MD-> Run time kriegen wir ja vlt noch rein. Hier wäre es dann natürlich auf einer völlig anderen Hardware als die Ziel Hardware, was die Zahl weniger aussagekräftig machen würde.
MD-> Der Vergleich mit anderen Methoden ist hier denke ich der Haupt-Kritikpunkt. Ich denke es lohnt sich schon mal zu schauen, ob wir etwas finden auf dem wir benchmarken können.
MD-> In dem Zug könnte man auch nochmal gucken, ob es Sinn macht noch andere Metriken einzubauen.
-> TO DO 

